Fix SGB output lines documentation (#547)
gbdev/pandocs: src/SGB_Command_Packet.md

# Command Packet Transfers

> Command packets are transferred from the Game Boy to the SNES by using bits 4 and 5 of of [the `JOYP` register][JOYP]. These lines are normally used to select the two rows in the Game Boy keyboard matrix (which still works).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command packets are transferred from the Game Boy to the SNES by using bits 4 and 5 of of [the `JOYP` register][JOYP].
These lines are normally used to select one of the two button groups (which [still works as usual][JOYP]).
```
